Mention wip in the readme and remove an email (#12)
datawater/boardberry: README.md

## Feedback

> Open an issue at [https://github.com/datawater/boardberry/issues](https://github.com/datawater/boardberry/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to open a [github issue](https://github.com/datawater/boardberry/issues) for suggestions and bug reports.
```
